[Applause]
i had some highs
in my career i never enjoyed them
because i had
this empty soul it's a dirty secret
deep inside you it's like a stutter but
it's like
even if you want to say it there's
something in your mind
that stops you the reason i can't tell
anybody else is for fearing without
finding out they all wanted to be
footballers he was so
happy when he was playing and things
changed a little bit
he basically molested me i just
completely froze
that was the only way that i could cope
with it this was a problem
that ran through football football
largely
ignored it in the hope that it went away
and guess what it went away
football's darkest secret on bbc one and
iplayer